Clarified cloud agents are not included in IP ranges API (#887)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/architectural-details/ip-ranges.mdx

# HCP Terraform IP Ranges

> HCP Terraform uses static IP ranges for certain features such as notifications and VCS connections. These IP ranges are retrievable through the [IP Ranges API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/ip-ranges). Please note that we do not provide a similar range for our cloud runners used in remote execution mode. If you wish to narrow down the access to specific CIDR of worker IPs, you should use [agent](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/agents/agents) execution mode instead.

Reviewer: Okay, I took a short ad adjusting this for style, is this still technically correct? I think it is, but please push back on anything that doesn't feel good!
```suggestion
HCP Terraform uses static IP ranges for certain features, such as notifications and VCS connections, and you can retrieve these IP ranges through the [IP ranges API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/ip-ranges).

The IP ranges API does not publish the ranges for workspaces doing Terraform operations in [remote execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode). If you want to limit access to specific CIDRs when connecting to your infrastructure, configure your HCP Terraform workspace to use the [**agent** execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) to run Terraform operations on an [HCP Terraform agent](/terraform/cloud-docs/agents).
```
